高中对我的影响

高中的环境

1. 严格的自修环境--->自律
2. 大量的作业----->不爱人际交往 内向
3. 很辛苦-----> 不怕吃苦
4. 老师信任我---->
5. 激烈的竞争-->上进
6. 时间少--->急性子 紧迫感 走路快 吃饭快



High school was the most difficult period of time I have ever experienced. My highs chool was like a prison, with strict rules and strict rulemakers. No phones, no loveship, even no extra-curricular reading books. Getting up at 5:30am, taking classes carefully, finishing the whole day work were the only things we were allowed to do. Three years later, when I was released from 'prison', I find I was more tough. The difficulties encountered in the future are just a piece of cake compared with  high school.

In my high school, everyone was on tight schedule, of course, including me. I could feel the sense of urgency at every that moment. I became a person of haste, eating fast, walking fast, speaking fast . It was good for saving plenty of  time but sometimes it resulted in more mistakes.

Making noise at self-study course was also strictly prohibited. Headteacher who would criticize student severely if they broke the rule, basically, helped me a lot to be disciplined.

We had exmas every Wednesday in high school. The scores and ranking were always displayed on the big screen by our teacher so that I could find where  I  was easily. I didn't want  to put my name on the middle or lower part of  the screen.  The better ranking you get ,the more respect you gain, both from my classmates and teachers. That's the reason why I always want to win, I am dying to be the top one.

I was still wondering why teachers trust me so much. In their eyes , the introverted and quiet boys like me must be extremely good at study. Maybe I did well in some test or the behave that I asked them question pretty often impressed them quite a lot. They had a high expectation of me and firmly believe I can enter my ideal university, they encouraged me, they pushed me. Acutally , I am not that kind of boy at all, however, I really neighter wanted to disappoint them nor lost my face. I had to be the person in their eyes, who was supposed to get high grades.  

So, I nailed myself to my chair, occupied with countless homework, even often absenting from PE class or other activities  organized by school , using my knee injury as an excues. That's why I don't have lot of friends in high school. At the beginning , it was me who thought talking too much or attending social activity was a sort of waste of time. But as time gose by, I gradually realized that I am afraid of opening my mouth and speaking. I felt fairly uncomfortable while with others, like talking with stranger or eating meal with my classmates. Sitting on a chair doing homework turns out to be  the most comfortable thing for me at that time,even at this moment. 

But, you know, sometimes it's hard to meet your teacher's expectation of you. Thers were still plenty of difficult problems which were beyond my ability, though I thought I had worked very hard. Once I had been  attached to so-called 'good student' label, I would be afraid of losing it.I wanted to pretect it . The positive side of this is pushing me to make more progess, offering me a huge desire to advance, nevertheless, I go to every expedient to achieve my goal sometimes because I am afraid of fail. I even play petty trick like copy others' homework which makes me  untruthful.

That's me, unsociable, disciplined, tenacity, having a desire to win but sometimes hypocritical, It's three years of high school that shaped me now. 



